Migrate Run Id article into Run Id concept (#2252)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-run-id.md

A Run Id is a globally unique, platform-level identifier for a [Workflow Execution](/workflows#workflow-execution).

> The current Run Id is mutable and can change during a [Workflow Retry](retry-policies). You shouldn't rely on storing the current Run Id, or using it for any logical choices, because a Workflow Retry changes the Run Id and can lead to non-determinism issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current Run Id is mutable and can change during a [Workflow Retry](/concepts/what-is-a-retry-policy). You shouldn't rely on storing the current Run Id, or using it for any logical choices, because a Workflow Retry changes the Run Id and can lead to non-determinism issues.
```

Temporal guarantees that only one Workflow Execution with a given [Workflow Id](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-id) can be in an Open state at any given time.
But when a Workflow Execution reaches a Closed state, it is possible to have another Workflow Execution in an Open state with the same Workflow Id.
For example, a Temporal Cron Job is a chain of Workflow Executions that all have the same Workflow Id.
Each Workflow Execution within the chain is considered a _Run_.

A Run Id uniquely identifies a Workflow Execution even if it shares a Workflow Id with other Workflow Executions.

> ### Which operations lead to non-determinism issues?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Which operations lead to non-determinism issues?
```

> An operation like `ContinueAsNew`, `Retry`, `Cron`, and `Reset` creates a [Workflow Execution Chain](/workflows#workflow-execution-chain) as identified by the [`first_execution_run_id`](https://github.com/temporalio/api/blob/master/temporal/api/history/v1/message.proto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An operation like `ContinueAsNew`, `Retry`, `Cron`, and `Reset` creates a [Workflow Execution Chain](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution#workflow-execution-chain) as identified by the [`first_execution_run_id`](https://github.com/temporalio/api/blob/master/temporal/api/history/v1/message.proto).
```
